[DOCS] Update prebuilt rules before upgrading Kibana to 8.x + (#2628)
elastic/security-docs: docs/upgrade/upgrade-security.asciidoc

[discrete]
[[upgrade-8.1.1]]

> == Avoid upgrading to 8.1.1

Author: Revised since the heading seemed to say "do this" when actually the admonition below says "don't do this."

> IMPORTANT: There is a known issue that significantly impacts UI responsiveness. Therefore, we recommend to skip upgrading to this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: There is a known issue that significantly impacts UI responsiveness. Therefore, we recommend you skip this version.
```

[discrete]
[[upgrade-reqs]]

> == Upgrade to other 8.x versions

Author: Revised because this was saying "8.x versions earlier than 8.1.1" (based on the previous section "Upgrade to 8.1.1."), but I think this info also applies to 8.x versions _later_ than 8.1.1, right? Basically any 8.x version that _isn't_ 8.1.1.

NOTE: You do not need to shut down your {agent}s or endpoints to upgrade the {stack}.

[float]
[[update-prebuilt-rules]]
=== Update prebuilt detection rules before upgrading to {stack} 8.0 or 8.1

> If you're upgrading to {stack} 8.0 or 8.1, you must update your Elastic prebuilt detection rules while your {stack} is at 7.17, before upgrading to 8.x. To update Elastic prebuilt rules, go to the Rules page and select *Update _x_ Elastic prebuilt rules*. This ensures that you have the latest prebuilt rules before upgrading the {stack} to 8.x.

Reviewer: would it be helpful to specify 8.0.* and 8.1.*?

Author: It's probably understood that `8.0` = `8.0.x` (that seems to be the general convention I've seen in most docs, I think?), but it also doesn't hurt to include the `x` to make it super clear. This also incorporates your other edit below:
```suggestion
If you're upgrading to {stack} 8.0.x or 8.1.x, you must update your Elastic prebuilt detection rules while your {stack} is at 7.17, before upgrading the {stack}. To update Elastic prebuilt rules, go to the Rules page and select *Update _x_ Elastic prebuilt rules*. This ensures that you have the latest prebuilt rules before upgrading the {stack} to 8.x.
```

> If you're upgrading to {stack} 8.0 or 8.1, you must update your Elastic prebuilt detection rules while your {stack} is at 7.17, before upgrading to 8.x. To update Elastic prebuilt rules, go to the Rules page and select *Update _x_ Elastic prebuilt rules*. This ensures that you have the latest prebuilt rules before upgrading the {stack} to 8.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're upgrading to {stack} 8.0 or 8.1, you must update your Elastic prebuilt detection rules while your {stack} is at 7.17, before upgrading {stack}. To update Elastic prebuilt rules, go to the Rules page and select *Update _x_ Elastic prebuilt rules*. This ensures that you have the latest prebuilt rules before upgrading the {stack} to 8.x.
```
I thought it was a bit confusing to say 8.* to refer to 8.0.* or 8.1.*

> If you're upgrading to {stack} 8.0.x or 8.1.x, you must update your Elastic prebuilt detection rules while your {stack} is at 7.17, before upgrading the {stack}. To update Elastic prebuilt rules, go to the Rules page and select *Update _x_ Elastic prebuilt rules*. This ensures that you have the latest prebuilt rules before upgrading the {stack} to 8.x.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're upgrading to {stack} 8.0.x or 8.1.x, you must update your Elastic prebuilt detection rules _while your {stack} is at 7.17_. 

To update Elastic prebuilt rules, go to the Rules page and select *Update _x_ Elastic prebuilt rules*. This ensures that you have the latest prebuilt rules before upgrading the {stack} to 8.x.
```

Reviewer 2: I removed the last part of the first sentence because I don't think it's absolutely needed. I also italicized the part that's important for users to notice and separated the paragaph to make that information even more visible. If these edits are overkill, feel free to reject them.

> 

Reviewer 3: maybe it worth to mention, if rules were not updated before Elastic's upgrade to (8.0-8.1) possible issues can be resolved by upgrading to 8.2+
